note-about-timezone-in-logs (#1550)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/timezone.md

{{< note >}}
In the vast majority of cases it's best to leave all timezones in UTC and store user data with an associated timezone instead.
{{< /note >}}

### Logs

> [All logs](https://docs.platform.sh/development/logs.html) will always be logged in UTC. You cannot change the timezone for them and changing any of the above time zone settings will not affect this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[All logs](https://docs.platform.sh/development/logs.html) will always be logged in UTC. You cannot change the timezone for them and changing any of the above time zone settings will not affect log timestamps.
```
